README.md, before:

# Python-GUI-examples
This repository is a collection of minimal-case examples for performing common GUI-related tasks in python. Emphasis is placed on tasks involving linear data plotting, image processing, and audio/frequency analysis.

Description | Screenshot
---|---
[scrolling live data with PlotWidget](2016-07-31_qt_PyQtGraph_sine_scroll) - extremely high speed graphing designed for realtime updates in GUI applications | <img src="/2016-07-31_qt_PyQtGraph_sine_scroll/demo2.gif" width="300">
[PyQt4 scrolling live data with MatplotlibWidget](2016-07-30_qt_matplotlib_sine_scroll) - pretty graphs with the MatPlotLib library (which many people already know how to use), but likely too slow for realtime / interactive graphing | <img src="/2016-07-30_qt_matplotlib_sine_scroll/demo.gif" width="300">
[live PCM and FFT plotting with QtGraph](https://github.com/swharden/Python-GUI-examples/tree/master/2016-07-37_qt_audio_monitor) (based on PlotWidget) | <img src="/2016-07-37_qt_audio_monitor/demo.gif" width="300">

### Useful Links:
* [working with UI files](https://github.com/awesomebytes/python_qt_tutorial/blob/master/README.md#script-the-behaviour)

Commit message:

Buttons to learn the current sound and train SVM for detecting sound.

README.md, after:

# Python-GUI-examples
This repository is an extension of the GUI examples with some machine learning analysis for detecting specific sounds.

Description | Screenshot
---|---
[scrolling live data with PlotWidget](2016-07-31_qt_PyQtGraph_sine_scroll) - extremely high speed graphing designed for realtime updates in GUI applications | <img src="/2016-07-31_qt_PyQtGraph_sine_scroll/demo2.gif" width="300">
[PyQt4 scrolling live data with MatplotlibWidget](2016-07-30_qt_matplotlib_sine_scroll) - pretty graphs with the MatPlotLib library (which many people already know how to use), but likely too slow for realtime / interactive graphing | <img src="/2016-07-30_qt_matplotlib_sine_scroll/demo.gif" width="300">
[live PCM and FFT plotting with QtGraph - PLUS sound learning. Run go.py and click the learn sound, learn not sound, and train SVM to generate trained .npy files and a name.py file which you can modify to do various actions or alerts when a sound is detected. See oven2.py for example and restart the program once sound is learned."](https://github.com/programmin/Python-GUI-examples/tree/master/AudioMonitor) (based on PlotWidget) | <img src="/AudioMonitor/demo.gif" width="300">

### Useful Links:
* [working with UI files](https://github.com/awesomebytes/python_qt_tutorial/blob/master/README.md#script-the-behaviour)
